Add energy support. (#5)
opl-/beatsaber-http-status: protocol.md

		"maxCombo": Integer, // Max obtained combo
		"multiplier": Integer, // Current multiplier [1, 2, 4, 8]
		"multiplierProgress": Number, // Current multiplier progress [0..1)

> 		"energy": Number, // Current energy (HP) [0..1] - Note: This is still returned if mod.noEnergy is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"energy": Number, // Current energy (HP) [0..1]. Exists with No Fail enabled. Changed only for the energyChanged event.
```

Contains only the `performance` property of [Status object](#status-object).

### `energyChanged` event

> Fired when the energy (HP) changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fired when the energy (HP) changes. Energy is updated by the game even if the No Fail mod is enabled; it's up to the client to properly handle and display energy when that is the case.
```

Author: The energyChange event was in the code at one point, but I ended up removing it from emitting after the discussion on when energy changes.
